my name is luke moody, fka townghost. i am sexually frustrated because i, unlike the rest of my generation, was too poor to have furious teenage sex in homestuck cosplay. this has plauged me through my adult life, defined me. not getting enough special, sexual attention is my core drive, the fire that fuels my ire.

after slipping free of the dumb town i came from, which is in colorado, an okay midwestern state with lots of hippie commigration, i immediately lost my mind on drugs and testosterone. i wore colors like a peacock, threatened to kill people over acid and got my nose broken and set cuter. now i have a slight curve to my nose, which is my best feature other than my hair. i found a real diamond in the bathroom in golden gate park, and buried it in the park for the ghosts. i'm sure some hippies followed me, looked at where i put it, and dug it up though.

on my first night in the park, i found a cute street kid named cole who sang like a bird and enticed him to sex. i found him right in the middle of the city, just new, on seventh and market, and took him right to the park to fuck him. i'm not sure how i have such a nose for big dick. truly, he must have been nine inches. he told me my pussy was so perfect and i told him his dick was so big. we loudly moaned and fucked in the front of the park. this is most likely my original sin, the reason people are so pissed off. all the while we were walking through the city, he wouldn't stop singing loud. he looked like a disney star. i'm sure this is what carl wanted with me, but he is an averse, anal nerd who couldn't let himself be taken in by my charms.

cole was weird. he talked about sleeping in warm doorways as adequate shelter, but was distraught by the idea of sleeping near dirt.

cole: humans shouldn't sleep on dirt!

only hippies will understand why he is wrong.

i played as several roleplay characters, first a territorial moose with acid that soon got into terrible fights, and secondly a black cat who looked for secrets and would leave them arpund as gifts. i'm not sure if any of this read as fuckable, capable, or attractive, and my anti-capitalist leaning didn't read. i simply looked like i was on the wrong kind of drugs.

something i wanted most of all was to fuck, spiritually, and sexually my cute curly-haired counselor. sammy knew i wanted to fuck them, and i hope, thought about it. sex was all i could think about looking at sammy's beautiful face and body, and listening to their calm voice. sammy, let's go home and go to bed, immediately? i wanted full frontal penetration, and i made sure everyone knew... i would let their cum make me pregnant. i'd do things the other way around if they wanted it too.

i think if we had sex, kind of in a forbidden way, in a secret way, and everything continued and was alright, that changes the world and makes some of the fear go away. it makes the shame and the judgement seem so unreal.

if the thought of us fucking in the park on acid for comfort, gently, specially, and spiritually, was a thought in people's heads... wouldn't that be true freedom?

my own family is very distant and pessimistic. they often can be dissatisfied and miss opportunities right in front of them. that is my family. but i have some heritage that they don't have.
