tucute types do seem to from a very privileged subset of american society.
one wonders how you have to think "transphobia doesn't exist anymore" while you express hated for a group based on their solidarity in their gender dysphoria.

that's always one way i've seen myself as different from them.

a lot of people who genuinely didn't contemplate or work through transphobia conspired together to collectively <i>not do trans rights this season</i>, so that we could be used as a sort of panacea to oppression

being truscum basically is not wrong, it's just idenyifying a little bit more with your body, your physicality rather than something abstract.

nonbinary is a trap because to be nonbinary you have to convince yourself that there is a binary. you have to convince yourself that you feel some kind of deeper gender dysphoria than a trans person feels because you feel like gender doesn't fit you at all. when in fact... gender fits no one.

even people who experience gender dysphoria, at their core are a mix of traits described as masculine and feminie because gender is just that, a description.

if i described myself by how i fit into the masculine and feminine descriptors of the day, i would be forever locked out of discovering my true self. if i did anything other than describe the meaningless, non-gendered glitch of biology as my transsexualism, i'd be basing myself as a person on  another category that oppresses humans.

and if people hate me for that? i'm totally fine with it.

people have been putting the hurt on me my entire life for things that actually are part of who i am.

some privileged white academic's fanfiction about transgender people is not that.

a lot of us felt scared when we were teenagers, we thought being 20 and in college was the peak of what you can be as a trans person. we thought being LGBT was a sentence to being alone forever at best, homeless or dead more likely.

but if you're truscum, i want to tell you that you're not outdated. your time just hasn't come yet. and if we hold on, that time will come. trends come and go, but the truth is the truth, whether you want to believe it or not.

and the truth is coming around.

you do deserve to live. you deserve to be safe. you deserve to be at peace. you deserve to be loved, and feel creative, and be free.

truscum deserve to live.
